README.md: Use documentation from kernelci.org/docs (#40)
kernelci/kernelci-pipeline: README.md

-----------------

Modular pipeline based on the new [KernelCI

> API](https://github.com/kernelci/kernelci-api). 

Reviewer: Superfluous space at the end of the line

> Please refer to the pipeline design here: https://kernelci.org/docs/api/overview/#pipeline-design

Reviewer: Like with the API README changes, it's better to use links:
```suggestion
Please refer to the [pipeline design documentation](https://kernelci.org/docs/api/overview/#pipeline-design) for more details.
```

To use it, first, start the API.  Then start the services in this repository on the same host.

> Follow instructions from https://kernelci.org/docs/api/getting-started/#setting-up-a-pipeline-instance to add a token and then to start the services.

Reviewer: Ditto
